# Paper abstract

## Outline

Max: 200 words

- Intro
- Where you from
- What you doing
- Context
- Outcomes

## Main Abstract

MAGPIE: a web-based, open-source framework for plate vibration analysis

The analysis and simulation of plate vibrations are central to many branches of
science and engineering, specifically acoustics and musical acoustics.
Well-developed plate theories exist, along with numerous simulation software
packages, but they are seldom available in open-source form and are not easily
accessible to a greater audience.

MAGPIE is a framework for interacting with a novel finite difference scheme for
plates under general elastic boundary conditions. Free, clamped, and simply
supported boundary conditions are obtainable by setting stiffness coefficients
to very small or large values. Boundary conditions are parameterised which allow
for intermediate possibilities.

A web browser based implementation of the framework includes interactive
elements. Users begin by providing parameters for an isotropic plate. These
parameters are then used to generate visualisations of the mode shapes from the
finite difference scheme simulation. Elastic boundary conditions can then be
changed on a continuous scale to see their effect on mode shapes. Results are
then available for export in common image and data formats.

MAGPIE aims to make it easier to explain concepts such as mode shapes to a wider
audience and also provide a tool for research that is accessible to students,
scientists and musical instrument builders.
<!-- as well as creative tool for artists. -->


## Michele's proposal

MAGPIE: a web-based, open-source interactive tool for plate vibration simulation

The analysis and simulation of plate vibration are central to many branches of
science and engineering, including acoustics and musical acoustics.
Well-developed plate theories exist, along with numerous simulation software
packages. These, however, are seldom available in open-source form and, hence,
are not easily accessible to a greater audience. This work presents a novel
finite difference scheme for plates under general elastic boundary supports. In
this framework, one can assess the effects of the elastic supports on the
eigenfrequencies and modal shapes and retrieve the free, clamped, and simply
supported boundary conditions as limiting cases. An interactive, free and
open-source (pyhton-based?) web app is developed supporting several
functionalities (we should spend a couple of words describing the kind of
functionalities we offer). PlateVibe (name can change) offers reliable
alternative to simulate elastic plate vibration, and is a powerful research tool
for students, scientists, and musical instrument builders.

